
=pod

=head1 INSTALL

If you haven't read the README yet, you are advised to do so now before
continuing reading this document.

You can read this document also via 'perldoc INSTALL', this gets rid of the
funny =something lines ;)

More help is available via C<perldoc Dicop::Base>.

=head2 Requirements

You will need at least Perl v5.8.1 to install this package. However, we
recommend getting the latest stable Perl version (v5.8.5 at the time of
writing).

=head2 Quick guide for the impatient

B<Before> untaring/unzipping it, you need first to verify the package.

Download our GnuPG key from http://www.bsi.bund.de/produkte/dicop/download.htm,
as well as the detached signature (named C<.sig>) and then do:

	gpg --verify Dicop-Base-3.00_40.tar.gz.sig

(Replace 3.00_40 by the actual version you got). If the signature does B<not>
verify ok, please notify us immidiately. B<DO NOT> run perl Makefile.PL or
anything else nor install the package when the signature cannot be verified
ok. B<Your system might get compromised!>.

If the signature was okay, build a Makefile, then run "make" to create all the
neccessary files and then run the testsuite to make sure it really works on
your system:

	perl Makefile.PL

If this step fails, you need either to upgrade your Perl installation or
upgrade/install some additional modules. Please see below under
L<Where to find missing modules>.

If the former step was completed successfully, you can make the package and
run the testsuite:

	make
	make test

If all tests, pass, run as root:

	make install

This installs the C<Dicop::Base> package on your system, and you are now ready
to install other packages that depend on it, like C<Dicop::Server>.

=head2 Where to find missing modules

If some modules are missing in your Perl installation, then you need to get
them and install them. You can get them from CPAN L<http://search.cpan.org>/
or L<http://www.cpan.org/>.

Install the modules via the same commands for each of them:

	perl Makefile.PL
	make test
	make install

Some modules depend on others, you must resolve these dependencies by
installing in the right order.

You can check wether a particulary module is installed and which version it
has by doing (example for Digest::MD5):

	perl -MDigest::MD5 -e'print "$Digest::MD5::VERSION\n";'

on the commandline. Or shorter:
	
	perl -MDigest::MD5\ 99

It either prints the currently installed version or failes with something
like 'module not found'.

=head1 DOCUMENTATION

Please have a look into C</doc>, you will find there help files in pod format.

If you have any more questions, please send us an email. We accept encrypted
mail, please use the key attached as C<dicop.asc>.

=head1 AUTHOR

(c) Bundesamt fuer Sicherheit in der Informationstechnik 1998-2004

DiCoP is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
terms of the GNU General Public License version 2 as published by the Free
Software Foundation.

See the file LICENSE or L<http://www.bsi.bund.de/> for more information.

=cut

